hey hey you're gonna like this one seven
riddles that will test your brain power
[Music]
our brain is a mysterious thing we know
more about stars than about the things
inside our heads but what we do know
about the brain is that it gets less
sharp and productive with age would you
say never mind do you want to test your
brain power and calculate its
approximate age watch this video till
the end to find out the results you have
a maximum of 20 seconds for each task
but try to answer the questions as fast
as possible
counting down
here's test number 7 take a very close
look at these two photographs what is
the mistake they have in common
[Music]
if you still can't figure it out let's
turn the photos upside down it looks
horrible right the eyes and lips of both
women are upside down but your brain
doesn't recognize that immediately the
thing is the brain is not used to seeing
eyes and lips in that position there is
another interesting experiment some
people can turn their tongues upside
down
good hit the like button if you were one
of them if you can do it and touch the
left side of your tongue it will sense
the touch from the opposite side because
evolution never taught the brain to read
the sensations on the tongue in that
position earth with test number 6 how
many holes does this t-shirt half what
mine oh oh the one on the screen never
mind
[Music]
the question doesn't specify which holes
exactly so the right answer is 8
they are the neckline two sleeves the
bottom of the t-shirt and four holes in
the middle two in the front and two in
the back because we can see the
background through them test number five
how would you name this tree
[Music]
rate the names that came to your mind in
the comments section below
but the actual challenge was to notice
the camouflaged bird on the tree if you
did well done
[Music]
test number four can you manage this one
in five seconds I'll give you twenty
seconds but try to solve it as fast as
possible
[Music]
the mistake is not in the numbers or
their colors the mistake is that the
word spot appears twice your brain
doesn't always show you the reality it
often shows what it is used to
there are many short texts on the
internet that have repeating words that
most people don't notice until they
finish the text and read the description
if you have bad eyes you might have
noticed that things most often words you
couldn't see from a distance become
clearer when somebody tells you what's
written there it's not that your eyes
became better it's your brain completes
the picture test number three do you see
a hidden baby that's not mine either
[Music]
if you follow the thin branches of the
tree you will see the outline of a baby
in the fetal position its feet and toes
are on the right side of the picture
arms are in the middle and head is on
the left one more thing it's good that
he doesn't have teeth because his bark
is better than his bite test number two
which line is longer
[Music]
of course line a is longer
it's so obvious right well not for
everybody or rather not always there was
a research on conformity that looked
like this
five people were asked which of two
lines was longer the answer was always
simple but four of the tested people
were asked to lie so technically there
was only one real subject the people
lied very convincingly so the subject
didn't want to stand out and gave the
wrong answer the same phenomenon can be
illustrated with jokes if you're in a
group of people and somebody tells a
joke that everybody finds funny you will
laugh too even if you don't get it or
don't think it's funny well maybe not
you but approximately 75% of people do
so
of course everybody laughs at my jokes
right liars
all right test number one
[Music]
can you spot mike wazowski there is
green but still very different now let's
talk about your results if it took you
more than 20 seconds to answer each
question or you didn't manage all the
tasks it means that you have the brain
of a mature person it's hard for you to
make your mind see beyond the obvious
and you can handle change easily
Wow if it took you less than 20 seconds
your brain is quite young and you can
approach tasks from different angles if
you answer each question correctly in
less than 5 seconds your brain is very
young and flexible you can notice the
tiniest details right away and adapt to
new situations easily as for those of us
with mature brains hey don't worry as
the saying goes you're only young once
but you can be immature forever so what
is your result tell us in the comment
section below
[Music]
like this video and share it with your
friends to compare your results and see
you back here next time on the bright
side of life
[Music]